W-13139980-builder-6.2.2-rns (#164)
mulesoft/docs-rpa: rpa-home/modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/release-notes/rpa-builder-6.2.2-release-notes.adoc

= RPA Builder 6.2.2 Release Notes

RPA Builder is the on-premise application that enables you to build automations by specifying the action steps of the process.

include::partial$release-notes/rn-last-version-message.adoc[] 

== May 5, 2023

// == What's New
include::partial$release-notes/rn-headings.adoc[tag=whatsNew,leveloffset=+1]

* Updated the EPPlus .NET library to version 6.2.0.

> * Added property in Excel Controlled Loop and Read from Excel file action steps to avoid recalculation of formulas in date cells.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added property in *Excel Controlled Loop* and *Read from Excel file* action steps to avoid recalculation of formulas in date cells.
```

* Updated the Chrome Driver to version 113.

// == Compatibility
include::partial$release-notes/rn-headings.adoc[tag=compatibility,leveloffset=+1]

[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Application |Version
|RPA Recorder | 6.2.0 and later
|RPA Bot | 1.0.0 and later
|===

// == Fixed Issues
include::partial$release-notes/rn-headings.adoc[tag=fixedIssues,leveloffset=+1]

[%header,cols="5a,1a"]
|===
| Issue Resolution | ID

> | The WorkflowValidator no longer freezes when preparing to validate properties with big input. | W-12613901

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| The WorkflowValidator no longer freezes when preparing to validate properties with a large amount of input. | W-12613901
```
